+++
date = "2016-06-01T13:52:59+10:00"
draft = false
title = "2016.1 release of OEB"

+++

We’re pleased to announce a new release of the OEB, including the New Testament and Psalms and available from the front page of the Open English Bible website at http://openenglishbible.org

We have dedicated this release to <a href="http://ilovetypography.com/2014/12/10/first-bible-set-roman-type/">Konrad Sweynheym and Arnold Pannartz</a>, who were the first printers (in around 1470) to print a Bible in Roman text and not Blackletter.  Better reading through technology! 

Some of the improvements include:

* Continual improvements on the backend build software which should allow much more frequent releases in the future.
* Considerable improvement in the compatiblity of the USFM with the Paratext standard (thanks to Michael Johnson for his help).
* Addition of most of the Minor Prophets: Joel, Obadiah, Jonah, Micah, Nahum, Habakkuk, Zephaniah, Haggai and Zechariah.
* Reduction in punctuation it the New Testament to better match modern customs.
* All verses in the standard versification (NRSV) which don't have associated content in the Wescott & Hort Greek NT are now footnoted.
* 'Hades' is now transliterated in the NT in the same was as Gehenna to aid concordance.
* Various adjustments to improve naturalism of language.

We hope you like this release. We will do another release in two months time (1 August) or sooner if we come across an issue that can't wait (the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wicked_Bible">Wicked Bible</a> Scenario).

